Ticket8415 add pyright to genie script checker (#8455)
ISISComputingGroup/IBEX: release_notes/ReleaseNotes_Upcoming.md

| Ticket | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |

> | [#8415](https://github.com/ISISComputingGroup/IBEX/issues/8411) | Minor | Adds pyright to genie script checker - May cause some scripts to stop working |

Reviewer: Instead of "stop working" let's find a more positive way to frame this for PR reasons...

How about something like:

```suggestion
| [#8415](https://github.com/ISISComputingGroup/IBEX/issues/8411) | Minor | `g.load_script` will now apply argument type-checking, via `pyright`, by default. This means that some errors which would previously have been runtime errors will now be caught during the `g.load_script` call. See <LINK TO WIKI> for more details. |
```

| [#8382](https://github.com/ISISComputingGroup/IBEX/issues/8382) | Minor | Fix error message running genie_python.bat caused by ipython update  |
| [#8372](https://github.com/ISISComputingGroup/IBEX/issues/8372) | Patch | Reduce memory use for long-running scripts using matplotlib's interactive mode (`pyplot.ion()`). In particular, this addresses a memory leak in Muon background plots. |
| [no ticket](https://github.com/ISISComputingGroup/genie_python/pull/414) | Patch | Allow passing `use_numpy` to `g.get_pv` to return `numpy` arrays for EPICS waveform data. |
| [#8411](https://github.com/ISISComputingGroup/IBEX/issues/8411) | Minor | Adds support for redefining motor positions via CLI |

> | [#8415](https://github.com/ISISComputingGroup/IBEX/issues/8411) | Minor | Adds pyright to genie script checker |

Reviewer: As this is a very user-facing change, it might be good to put it under the "highlights" section, with an expanded (user-facing) explanation of what `pyright` does & why they should care about it.

From a scientist perspective, the first interaction they have with this code is likely to be a red "error" message, so we should be careful to explain in these notes what it's checking and why these checks are a good thing.
